so today I'm gonna be unboxing what is
potentially the most random thing I have
ever received in the mail inside this
box shipped to our warehouse is a helmet
but I know absolutely nothing about what
the helmet looks like I can't find any
pictures online or anything like that
it's from NZXT so here okay
the first accessory that we find appears
to be a stand now I'm not actually even
sure if you can wear the helmet or if
you can only display it but it looks
like all the stand is like a wooden
dowel that fits into a little base okay
kind of like a hockey puck okay for lack
of a better way to describe it and then
it has a little screw on the top okay
that can be easily screwed in or out
alright so you've got a whole lot of
like oh oh here's there's more but wait
there's more oh I see how the stand
works okay so act oh that's too bad
it looks like the stand got damaged in
shipping okay so it's son oh never mind
I think it's okay so this is just the
bottom of the stand so it looks like
what you do is you take out the screw
and then this is just meant to be like a
little platform for the helmet to sit on
so you run that through there and you
put that onto there and there you have
it you got a little like platform if I
could screw that on then that would be
that would be great okay you know what
I'm just gonna do this bear with me okay
that's good that's good enough okay you
get the point alright and then the
helmet itself is here alright now I like
I said before I don't know if this is
one that you can actually wear but I
really hope it is because then when I go
out for lunch with the with the
cameraman I can walk into Tim Hortons
with my helmet and embarrass him he's
giving me that look right now like
please don't do that
but he knows that I will so you know oh
good right okay so I'm just wrapping
this wow they really don't want this to
get damaged during shipping that's
they're pretty committed to that that's
an awful lot of our outfits going around
it here sweet
okay here it is the end
Zed XT helmet it looks like kind of a
Roman or Greek style of of helm okay
it has okay no this is this is meant to
be worn this is sweet so it comes with
like an adjustable plastic guy here and
I'm not sure which way you're supposed
to put that on but I'm gonna guess like
the red tag goes in the back so you just
that for your head and then what that
does is it fits it oh no wait no this is
supposed to be like attached so it looks
like the glue came off okay that's
alright
okay so then you put the helmet on and I
guess that adjusts the size of the
helmet to fit your head now this is
making me feel like my head's a little
bit here but okay here so I'll put that
in first and then I'll try to I'll try
to actually put the helmet on once I get
the plastic liner in not working go
inside there we go okay so that's in now
alright there we go now I think I can
put it on yeah there we go nice okay so
this is my the end of my NZXT helmet
unboxing I'll do a quick quick twirl on
the catwalk here so you can see this
from all angles I think this actually
lifts up that you'd have to adjust the
bolts here thank you for checking out my
my unboxing